Boxer Licence Agreement

This Licence Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered, effective this
date, by and between the "Licensor" (as defined below), and the
individual executing this Agreement below as "Licensee" (hereinafter,
the "Licensee").

1. Licensor hereby grants Licensee a royalty-free, non-exclusive,
non-transferable licence to use the Boxer system (herinafter referred to
as the "Licensed Software") as follows solely for a Non-Commercial
Purpose (as defined in paragraph 3 below):

    (a) Licensee may prepare derivative works (the "Derivative Works")
    which are based on or incorporate all or part of the Licensed
    Software, including, without limitation, works (the "Adaptations")
    which

        (i) are translations of all or part of the Licensed Software
        into different programming languages, or
        (ii) are revisions, improvements or corrections to all or part
        of the Licensed Software, 

provided that, Licensee shall treat all Derivative Works as Licensed
Software under this Agreement; and

    (b) Licensee may make only such copies of the Licensed Software as
    are necessary for Licensee's development of the Derivative Works.

2. All copies of the Licensed Software and Derivative Works prepared
in accordance with paragraph 1 shall retain the copyright notice
appearing in the Licensed Software. If the Licensed Software includes
computer programs in object code form, Licensee shall not de-compile,
reverse engineer or disassemble such programs.

3. As used in this Agreement, "Non-Commercial Purpose" means use of
the Licensed Software and Derivative Works solely for education or
research.  "Non-Commercial Purpose" excludes, without limitation, any
use of the Licensed Software or Derivative Works for, as part of, or
in any way in connection with a product (including software) or
service which is sold, offered for sale, licensed, leased, loaned or
rented.

4. Licensee shall acknowledge use of the Licensed Software and
Derivative Works in all publications of research based in whole or in
part on their use through citation of the following publication:

Johan Bos (2005): Towards Wide-Coverage Semantic Interpretation.
Proceedings of Sixth International Workshop on Computational Semantics
(IWCS-6).  Pages 42-53.
    J. Bos (2008): Wide-Coverage Semantic Analysis with Boxer.  In:
    J. Bos, R. Delmonte (eds): Semantics in Text Processing. STEP 2008
    Conference Proceedings, pp 277â€“286, Research in Computational
    Semantics, College Publications.

5. Licensee hereby grants Licensor a non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully
paid-up, worldwide, perpetual licence to:

    (a) Reproduce, prepare derivative works based on and distribute all
    or part of the Derivative Works; and

    (b) Make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, license or import any
    products (including software) or services under any intellectual
    property rights owned or licensed by Licensee which relate to

        (i) all or part of the Derivative Works (including as executed
        by a CPU), or
        (ii) methods or concepts embodied in, or implemented through
        the execution by a CPU of, the Derivative Works. Licensee
        shall provide the contact person (or an alternative contact
        notified to the Licensee from time to time)

	bos@meaningfactory.com
	bos@di.uniroma1.it

        with feedback concerning Licensee's Derivative Works and, if
        requested, provide such persons with source code copies of
        Licensee's Derivative Works.

6. This Agreement is personal between Licensor and Licensee. No
ownership interest in the Licensed Software (or the copy of which is
provided by Licensor pursuant to paragraph 1) is transferred to
Licensee. Licensee's interest in the Derivative Works is limited
solely to Licensee's additions and the Derivative Works are subject in
their entirety to Licensor's intellectual property rights. Licensor
may assign or transfer to any company or person, or grant to any
company or person a licence or sublicence under, all or part of its
interest in any rights to the Licensed Software, this Agreement, or
any licence granted to Licensor hereunder. Licensee may not assign or
sublicense Licensee's rights hereunder.

7. Licensor may terminate this Agreement at any time by sending
written notice of termination to Licensee at the address specified
below.  Termination shall be effective as provided in the
notice. Unless the notice shall provide otherwise, upon termination,
Licensee shall destroy all copies of the Licensed Software and
Derivative Works. Licensee's obligations under this Agreement,
including any rights granted to Licensor pursuant to paragraph 5,
shall survive and continue after termination.

8. Licensor has no obligation to support or maintain the Licensed
Software and grants Licensee this right to use the Licensed Software
"AS IS". LICENSEE ASSUMES TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR LICENSEE'S
USE OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE. LICENSOR DOES NOT MAKE, AND EXPRESSLY
DISCLAIMS, ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR
ENDORSEMENTS OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, REASONABLE QUALITY OR
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND THE WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR BE LIABLE FOR

    (a) ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, DAMAGES
    FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR
    INFORMATION, AND ANY OTHER LOSS OR DAMAGE WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT
    OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF LICENSOR
    OR ANY OF ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
    POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES,

    (b) ANY CLAIM ATTRIBUTABLE TO ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR OTHER
    INACCURACIES IN THE SOFTWARE, OR

    (c) ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY. 

9. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of England and the English courts shall have exclusive
jurisdiction.

LICENSOR
Johan Bos
